Speaking of Virginia, you,
you gave Dragonball and Dragonball Z both a nine out of 10. I thought dragon.
No, that's good. Are you going.
To look me in the eye and say it's an original dragon ball is a nine? No.
Okay. Just puts into perspective how long ago, but I probably put that in, like.
How many derive on movies? You can't it up. Ryan, one movie, a masterpiece.
You gave that a 10 and you're going to give.
Like, which one? Which story? I want a movie. It's so good. There are many.
16. You gave a 10. What is special? About 16. Okay.
That wasn't my Schindler's list.
Okay. That was the third door. I'm on movie. I think it's 16. No,
that the remake is 16. Yeah. The original is the third one, which I like,
which doesn't exist on my enemy list for summer.
But I gave that a 10 purely because I watched that movie.
That was one of the first I'm on movies I ever watched. And I mean, if you guys.
Don't have a bad guy now.
It's good. Like honestly, like sweat,
like even now I could probably re watch that movie and still find it, enjoy it.
Um, yeah. I dunno. Dharma Dharma holds a special place in my heart.
As you can tell from the amount of derive on.
Me. So I'm just like, I didn't even know.
There were this many dark island do still making door.
I'm I'm I'm surprised someone else has been watching Dora Mon like further,
along than when they were a kid watching on TV.
Cause that's the only exposure I've ever had to dry. Yeah.
It probably would never go out my way. Yeah. I.
Completely understand if you did not grow up with Doraemon,
I do not blame you for not watching a single derive or movie or episode,
because that hard to get into as an adult. But if you grew up with it,
like I did, then you can easily go.
Back to me. It's kind of like, yeah. As a grown up grown adult, I'll just like,
watch the Teletubbies movies where it's like,
[inaudible].
Have to like talk to like a niece or something. And then you're like, oh,
show me what you watch and you watch it. You're like, what the is happening?
That's just. It's just wild. What is this?
That's pulling all my parents thought when I was watching,
what the is this blue thing.
I noticed you gave full metal Alchemist and full metal Alchemist. Brotherhood.
Both a seven.
Yeah, because it's like my hero. It was, it was good.
The hood is not it's like at least an eight or a nine.
Yeah, it was except hold on. Hold on. Let me, let, let, let me, let me, uh, let,
let, let me ask. Okay. Wait, you gave full metal Alchemist a seven.
How dare you Joey. All day. I am so offended right now.
The old data to your pitch, the audacity.
To the new view has gone, has never worn that.
Scene with Nina and the dog. Mike did,
did you notice the feels from
[inaudible]? I'm.
Not trying to say like, you need to give it like a 10. I'm just saying,
I think it's okay.
Here's the thing with that one.
I still stand by that to this day because like a lot of people,
it not the first anime I watched, I watched that way after a kid made me too.
Right. It was probably one of the first ones you watched, right?
For that first 20. Yeah, exactly counts.
Might've been in like the first 200 for.
Me. I don't know. I feel like out of all the anime I've watched definitely.
My, my experience with full metal Alchemist is basically gone. So next step,
which is because.
I hear about it so much. I watched it out of obligation.
God, hasn't got to the stage. I haven't got to that stage.
Every time someone asks me a day gets added on. I'm pretty sure I like,
and I was like, that was like that.
As well. And I'm just like, you know what? I got time.
I'll watch it. Just because I hear about.
It from like sitting, like.
How did you, my watch? So I watched so, okay.
You don't have to watch the first full minute. It's just watch brotherhood.
Right? You hear that all the time, but I'm like, no, no.
I want to see why people are saying that. Right.
So I watched the original and I was like, okay, this was adequate.
So brotherhood must be a lot better, like a lot, lot, lot better. When I heard.
It, I was like, yeah, it's better.
But like essentially the same thing. Point higher, better. It's essentially the,
no, it's not the first full metal Alchemist is like a low seven.
And brotherhood is like a high seven call. It is, that's all it is.